Added auto push pending changes (#433)
opengisch/QField-docs: documentation/get-started/tutorials/get-started-qfc.en.md

!![Project properties](../../assets/images/getting_started_project_properties.png)

> ### Enabling Automatic Pushing of Changes to QFielcCloud

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Enabling Automatic Pushing of Changes to QFieldCloud
```

> With this functionality, users or managers of QFieldCloud projects can enforce auto-push on QField devices in the field and specify the interval in minutes, optimizing field data management processes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With this functionality, users and managers of QFieldCloud projects can enforce automatic pushing of pending changes for QField devices in the field as well as specify the interval in between automated pushes. The functionality is activated through a project setting, allowing for the remote activation.
```

> 1. **Access Project Settings**: Navigate to the settings in QFiedlSync.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. **Access Project Settings**: Navigate to the QField panel in the Project Settings dialog provided by the QFieldSync plugin.
```

> With this functionality, users and managers of QFieldCloud projects can enforce automatic pushing of pending changes for QField devices in the field as well as specify the interval in between automated pushes. The functionality is activated through a project setting, allowing for the remote activation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this functionality, users and managers of QFieldCloud projects can enforce automatic pushing of pending changes to QField devices in the field, as well as specify the interval in between automated pushes. The functionality is activated through a project setting, allowing remote activation.
```

> 2. **Enable Auto-Push**: Toggle the "Automatically push pending changes on the following interval" option and establish your prefer interval.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. **Enable Auto-Push**: Toggle the "Automatically push pending changes on the following interval" option and establish your preferred interval.
```

!![Auto push QFieldSync](../../assets/images/auto-push-pending-changes-qfieldsync.png)

!![Auto push QField](../../assets/images/auto-push-pending-changes-qfield.png,400px)

> !!! note

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! Note
```

    #### Benefits:

    - **Real-Time Updates**: Ensures prompt synchronization of field data with the QFieldCloud project.

>     - **Streamlined Workflow**: Minimizes manual intervention and ensures surveyors not worry in the synchronization and only on the data quality.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - **Streamlined Workflow**: Minimizes manual intervention and ensures surveyors do not need to worry about synchronization, helping them focus on data quality.
```
